# Team Retrospective Report

**Team**: Plantir

**Retrospective Report Number**: 2 

**Members**: Alex Garrido-Millan, Caden Miller, Kevin Johnson, Mihir Gonsalves

## Current Status

### List the team’s accomplishments.

*Give yourselves a pat on the back!*

* Built the pot.
* Set up fabric pots with cilantro and dill as control groups.
* Got all the sensors working.
* Created an interface (how messages will be sent to the ESP32 and how the microcontroller will recieve them).
* Developed a clean and interactive UI in the web app.

### How is the team doing with communication?

* Team communicates very well. Everyone is responsive in the group chat and conversations flow seamlessly in person.
* Everyone always knows who is doing what, progress is being shared regularly.

###  How is the team doing with time? 

*Is the project on track, behind schedule, ahead of schedule?*

* The project is on track.
* From an outside perspective it may seem like we are behind schedule, but the best part about our project is that the codebase has been developed with unification in mind. When we create new type gardens (e.g., the hydroponic garden), the software does not have to be modified. All the gardens use the same microcontroller too, so while everything might look different at first glace, the hardware is mostly the same.

## Adjustments Going Forward

### Keep Doing

* Putting good effort into each task, everything is being completed with polish.

### Start Doing

* Defining (adding subtasks) and tracking our progress in Jira more accurately.

### Stop Doing

* Stop having undefined tasks. For now we have been coming up with ideas, realizing they need adjustments, then essentially completing said task in a different manner.
