# Team Retrospective Report

**Team**: Plantir

**Retrospective Report Number**: 3

**Members**: Alex Garrido-Millan, Caden Miller, Kevin Johnson, Mihir Gonsalves

## Current Status
The project achieved a lot this past sprint. The hardware was is "complete" and can be scaled now. We have a good plan moving forward

### List the team’s accomplishments.

*Give yourselves a pat on the back!*

* Added grow light to pot
* Automatically turn on grow light through esp32 and relay
* Set up ESP32 to record feed
* Got all the sensors working.
* Able to automatically turn on water pump based on moisture sensor data
* Able to communicate sensor data through mqtt server to be read from web app

### How is the team doing with communication?

* Team communicates very well. Everyone is responsive in the group chat and conversations flow seamlessly in person.
* Team members are able to communicate for help and receive help in a timely manner

###  How is the team doing with time? 

*Is the project on track, behind schedule, ahead of schedule?*

* The project is on track.
* We are nearing the last couple weeks of development so these next few work days will be critical. We may need to meet more outside of class
to be able to complete all the tasks we want for this last sprint. 

## Adjustments Going Forward
Meet earlier on the weekend to avoid late night cramming. 

### Keep Doing

* Asking for help, doing work in class while everyone is here, communicate issues as soon as possible. 

### Start Doing

* Defining (adding subtasks) and tracking our progress in Jira more accurately. 
* Working earlier in the week if group members are able to meet up.

### Stop Doing

* Stop having undefined tasks. For now we have been coming up with ideas, realizing they need adjustments, then essentially completing said task in a different manner... we are still a little behind on this.
