# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**:
Alejandro Garrido
**Team**: 
Plantir
**Date**: 
3/3/2025
## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
| Testing all sensors with ESP32, writing microcontroller code    | Completed       |  1.5 hours          |
| Connecting to web app     | In progress       |   1.5 hour         |
|  Updating Jira and sprints    |  In progress      |   1 hour         |
|  Connecting water pump to circuit | In progress | 30 min |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Mainly hardware components. 

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

I havd some problems with the connectivity with some of the sensors to the ESP32. However, this was resolved quickly wiht debugging. 
I also had some problems with our sprint organization, we are having to add several sub tasks. Have to organize sprints more efficiently.
We also had some trouble connecting the ESP32 to the web app, we will use the time in class to troubleshoot together.

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The current status is good to a little behind. This week will be crucial to connecting the ESP32 to the web app and setting up the water pump
to water the plant automatically. 

### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

The team is working well together. Everyone is playing to their strengths and doing their part. No one is slacking or lacking communication.

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I learned how to connect several different types of sensors and write better microcontroller code. Also learned how to be a better scrum master 
with learning jira. I am also learning mqtt protocol to connect the ESP32 to the web application over wifi. 


### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Kevin was the most awesome member becasuse he has done a great job with the web application and doing the web side of connectig the ESP32.


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Assmeble the pot (water pump, circuitry) to automatically water the garden. Additionally connect the ESP32 data to the web application. 
Finally, we might purchase a small camera to keep track of our garden as the plants continue to grow. 

