# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**:
Alejandro Garrido
**Team**: 
Plantir
**Date**: 
3/17/2025
## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
| Connecting to web app     | In progress       |   1 hour         |
|  Updating Jira and sprints    |  In progress      |   1 hour         |
|  Connecting water pump to circuit | In progress | 1.5 hour|

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Mainly hardware components. 

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

I had problems connecting wires to my relay. The relay using screw inputs that I had not seen before so I had to research how to use this. To solve this, I had to purchase ferrules wire tips to make the connections easier to connect. 

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The current status is probably a litte behind. We need to have the circuit done this week and working with a pot of plants we have. 
### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

The team is working well together. We are reaching the end goal now so we need to make sure we are holding each other accountable. 

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I learned how to use ferrule wires and how to use screw terminals. I am also learning how to wire a water pump and send commands to a relay to send power off and on. 

### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Caden was the most awesome team member because he was able to get the light and dark mode working for our web app. 


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Assmeble the pot (water pump, circuitry) to automatically water the garden (still). Additionally connect the ESP32 data to the web application. 
Finally, we might purchase a small camera to keep track of our garden as the plants continue to grow. (still need to do this)

