# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**:
Alejandro Garrido
**Team**: 
Plantir
**Date**: 
3/25/2025
## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
| Connecting to web app     | In progress       |   1 hour         |
|  Updating Jira and sprints    |  In progress      |   1 hour         |
|  Connecting water pump to circuit | Complete | 2 hour |
|  Integrating all sensors with ESP32 | Complete | 2 hour |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Mainly hardware components.  

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

I had problems with the relay correctly switching off and on. I was able to accdiently short the pins that somehow allowed current to go through and it worked. 

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The current status is good now. The hardware is done and it allows us to scale it up fairly easily. We just need to implement the hydroponic garden now and make sure the web app works smoothly with the ESP32. 
### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

The team is working well together. We are reaching the end goal now so we need to make sure we are holding each other accountable. Everyone is doing their part to get work done. We all like the project and are excited to see the end. 

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I learned how to wire a water pump and send commands to a relay to send power off and on, successfully!

### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Caden was the most awesome team member because he was able to get the light to work and helped integrate my code with the website!


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Scaling up the hardware to implement more water pumps to start building up the hydroponic garden.
Connect the camera to send periodic images to our datbase/website

