# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**:
Alejandro Garrido
**Team**: 
Plantir
**Date**: 
3/25/2025
## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|  Updating Jira and sprints    |  In progress      |   1 hour     |
|  Integrating Esp32 Camera with VS Code  | In progress | 1.5 hour |
| Helping assemble hydroponic garden | In progress | < 1 hour |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Mainly hardware components.  

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

I have had problems taking Mihir's code for the ESP32 camera that was working with the arduino IDE and implementing it on VS Code. I will watch similar videos that Mihir watched to set it up with platform.io and debug.

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The current status is good now. Caden has done a good job with the web app. We know how to do the hardware so now making the hydroponic garden wont take as long.
### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

The team is working well together. We are doing good replying to each other's text and being prompt with helping each other.

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I am learning how to use the ESP32 camera module. It is similar to programming a regular ESP32 but with some different coding styles.

### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Caden was the most awesome team member because he was able create the sensors on the web application that correspond with the hardware.


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Scaling up the hardware to implement more water pumps to start building up the hydroponic garden still.
Connect the camera to send periodic images to our datbase/website still 

