# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**:
Alejandro Garrido
**Team**: 
Plantir
**Date**: 
4/21/2025
## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|  Integrating Esp32 Camera with Arduino IDE  | In progress | 3 hours |


*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Mainly hardware components.  

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

I transitioned from platform.io and started using arduino ide. I am able to send a photo over mqtt from the esp32 camera to the web app. 
However, I am having issues where some pictures are not sending because the picture packet is too large. To solve this, I will send the pictures in chunks in order to make the packets smaller and then put them together on the web app end. 

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The current status is very good now. We are nearing the end. We just need to finish up the report and some user studies. The overall project is basically finished besides some little tweaks. 

### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

The team is still working well together. We may wait too long to get some stuff done but it is still getting done. 

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I have learned to send photos over mqtt. 

### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Mihir was the most awesome team member because he was able to reprint our poster. 


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*

Reconfigure the camera to send the photos in chunks rather than all at once. 

