# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**:
Alejandro Garrido
**Team**: 
Plantir
**Date**: 
3/25/2025
## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|  Integrating Esp32 Camera with VS Code  | In progress | 1.5 hour |
| Helping assemble hydroponic garden | In progress | < 1 hour |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Mainly hardware components.  

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

I am still having problems with the camera with PlatformIO. I am going to transition to Arduino IDE and get working there and see if I can connect to our web application that way.

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The current status is very good now. One of our modules is fully complete which is good. We just have the hydroponic and incorporating the camera still. 
### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

The team is still working well together. Everyone is communicating and getting stuff done in these last few weeks.

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I am still learning to use the ESP32 module. I am going to learn how to use the Arduino IDE as well.

### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Kevin was the most awesome team member because he was able to help with the git release and I saw him at Chilifest this weekend. 


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Scaling up the hardware to implement more water pumps to start building up the hydroponic garden still.
Connect the camera to send periodic images to our datbase/website still 

