# Individual Weekly Report
**Name**: Mihir Gonsalves

**Team**: Plantir

**Date**: 03/03/2025

## Current Status


### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|   Build pot in CAD   |    Done    |      10 hours      |
|   Machine pot using items from Home Depot   |    Done     |      3 hours      |
|   Test all sensors   |    Done    |      1.5 hours      |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*
Check the Demo 2 powerpoint for images.
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-FozpMDonNjR4aLh_qhNUUsaLZ41sMbJ-4GHY9bMXEY/edit?usp=sharing

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?
3D printing takes forever. Even though the CAD files were complete, we decided to forego this aspect and build it using parts from Home Depot.
We still have to decide whether this sits indoors or outdoors, for now it will be indoors. This reduces complexity for uncontrolled variables like weather.

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 
I think it's slightly below pace. We have a little bit less time than expected, but we can very easily be on pace if we put in some work during Spring Break.
The great thing about our project is that all the software will be unified, there will not be too much extra work when beginning the hydroponic garden.

### How is your team functioning from your perspective?
Our team is working together very well. I feel confident in our potential final results.


### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
Prototyping using wood and nails. 


### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Alex was my most awesome team member this week. He has been writing and integrating all the software for the ESP32. 


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*

Get the water pump working and integrate everything into the pot correctly. 
