# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**: Mihir Gonsalves

**Team**: Plantir

**Date**: 03/31/2025

## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|   Started building hydroponic garden   |    In progress    |      2 hours      |
|   Soldered all electrical components   |    Complete    |      1.5 hours      |
|   Integrated all systems / finalized soil garden   |    Complete    |      3 hours      |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?
With our hydroponic garden we are forced to implement new sensors that were not used in the soil garden. Though, have made so much progress in the past few weeks that I'm not necessarily stressed about this. I am confident our team will be able to grind it out together in a timely manner.


### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 
Our team is well on pace to completion, right now we might actually be ahead of pace. We will soon have two different plant modules complete and ready for presentation.


### How is your team functioning from your perspective?
Our team is functioning very well. Everyone is doing their fair share and I feel very comfortable working (and simply hanging out) with all of them. 


### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
This week I learned about the Kratky method for growing plants hydroponically. It's really efficient and easy, so we implemented it into our system. I am expecting great results from this.


### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Kevin was my most awesome team member this week. Kevin purchased a domain for our [website](https://planthub.academy/) and deployed our dev branch. Our physical-ware was made real the week before and now our software has been made real. As of this monday morning, the deployed website is empty, but we will be making a huge code push sometime this week.


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Start electrical work for hydroponic garden. We plan on using 4 pumps. One pump for each major nutrient (N, P, K) into a premixed solution and one pump into the garden's water storage. We also will be using new sensors (possible electroconductivity sensor and a water level sensor).

