# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**: Mihir Gonsalves

**Team**: Plantir

**Date**: 04/07/2025

## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|   Remachined physical ware   |    Complete    |      5 hours      |
|   Finalized wiring for in-soil module   |   Complete     |      1 hour      |
|   Website help page   |    In progress    |      1 hour      |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

Just look at the pot that we have now left in class (it is fully self operating so long as it is plugged into the wall)

### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?
Our orders for hydroponic garden were heavily delayed so we had to revise our demo. Everything should be set for the Expo, though.


### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 
On pace - I think this can actually be well polished by the expo.


### How is your team functioning from your perspective?
We're working like a well oiled machine. Love my team, they're all super chill and I hope we remain friends afterwards. 


### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?
I learned how to use some of Ruby on Rails. Still learning it as we go, but the progress seems to be OK for now.


### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?
Caden - he has worked out so many of the bugs and problems software-wise. I know he has put in a lot of time into the project on his own time early in the AM (instead of sleeping).


## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Make the hydroponic garden and get it connected to the website.
