# Individual Weekly Report

**Name**: Mihir Gonsalves

**Team**: Plantir

**Date**: 04/14/2025

## Current Status

### What did _you_ work on this past week?

| Task | Status | Time Spent | 
| ---- | ------ | ---------- |
|   Hardware Debugging   |   Complete    |     1.5 hours       |
|   Conducting User Studies   |    In Progress    |      3 hours      |
|      |        |            |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*


### What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?

Our in soil plant module stopped working correctly. After debugging both the software and hardware, it was determined that our outlet relay stopped functioning correctly. Once we swapped it with our hydroponics outlet relay, we were able to complete functionality for the in soil module. 

### What is the current overall project status from your perspective? 

The project is essentially complete. We are not allowed to bring the hydroponic garden to the expo this thursday (same with EPS), so for presentation purposes our project is finished. For final demo to professors and whatever panel will be evaluating our system, we still need to work on the hydroponic garden.

### How is your team functioning from your perspective?

Team is functioning great, everyone is making progress on all front. With some extra time and effort, we can very easily complete the hydroponic garden (which basically means we will have two capstone projects done in one semester).

### What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?

We conducted user studies for a few hours this previous week. Something we learned is that our end users mostly care about visuals and ease of use compared to proper functionality. So for demonstration purposes most of our updates from now on will be aesthetic.

### Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?

Kevin was my most awesome team member this week. He setup the structure for our presentation for the upcoming showcases on thursday and next friday, an absolutely crucial portion of our project.

## Plans for Next Week

*What are you going to work on this week?*
Preparing for presenting the project.
